(Bill passed)

House of Representatives Act 
Honorable Speaker HappyJoshuaMay 19, 2021
19th May, 2021, 8:19 PM EST


This bill's purpose is to define what exactly will happen in the House of Representatives. 

Sect 1 - Title of the Act

a. Be it ratified by both Houses of Congress, the Senate and The House of Representatives of ETSA, the following legislative proposal shall be entitled as the House of Representatives Act (HRA)

Sect 2 - House Floor

a. All members of the House of Representatives, except for the Honorable Speaker, will not be allowed to speak in chat except for certain time periods. 

b. These time periods shall be once or twice a day, whenever the Honorable Speaker sets it. This time period shall be called a session. The Honorable Speaker shall have all permissions over the text channel #:house:-the-house, along with House of Representatives mentionable. 

c. At the start of the session, the Honorable Speaker will say "The House is now in Session. @House of Representatives" Then, the Honorable Speaker shall send a bill(s) in chat. After that, the Honorable Speaker will ask "Does anyone request the floor?" If a member is there to do so, they may respond with "I request the floor." The Honorable Speaker will then ping that person, and say "@Person You now have the floor." They may speak as they wish about the bill(s) until they say "I yield the floor."

d. That goes on until a motion is passed to start voting, or nobody else requests the floor. Once voting starts, the Honorable Speaker will run the command pm!advanced and will create the vote. The Honorable Speaker will also not allow any more members to speak. Only the House of Representatives may vote, and the vote shall be public. It must have a minimum time of 6 hours to end the vote, to prohibit voter suppression. Once the time is up, or all members have voted, the bill will go to the Senate, unless the bill came from the senate, then it would go to the President.

Sect 3 - Bill Format

a. Bills must have the name of the Act, the author, and the purpose/preamble. Their sections and subsections must be separate. A bill has to have at least 2 different sections. There must be a Title of the Act section, where the author must state the Title of the Act.

b. The Honorable Speaker must post a format 0f a Bill in Google Docs. However, bills may be presented in any document. To submit a bill, you must message the Honorable Speaker. The Honorable Speaker must also have their DMs open to people from the server of ETSA. 

Sect 4 - Motions

a. When a member of the House of Representatives has the floor, they may ask for a motion. A member shall say "I motion to..." Then state their purpose. Generally, motions will be used for amending a bill, starting a vote, or ending the session abruptly. 

Sect 5 - Failure

a. Should the Honorable Speaker fail to deliver these needs, he shall be removed. The Monarch will then pick a new Honorable Speaker.

b. There will be no funding involved in this act. 
